dawn with oo ES AA
what is bitcoin as I see
so far i think i know a little about bitcoin anD HOW It works 
it begins in november 2008 when someone named satoshi nakamoto posted a blog on P2P FOUNDATION website  titled BITCOIN : 
he said : I made an open source electronic payment system called BITCOIN with a decentralized controller system ,without any central server or reliance on credit institutions .
acctually it relies on distributed computers . it means the softwares uses the users hardware all around the world to coding , securing , dealing and do all the processing it needs . it hasnt a central server that so anyone can destroy or take it down , even the police or any goverment ,

so now we know how it began , but whats a bitcoin itself  : acctually it just a line of codes and variables but its rare and hard to get, it needs a lot of advance mathematics calculations that takes alof of time if you use like a hundred of computers to process,
over time, producing bitcoins are getting harder and harder so its obvious that its price going higher.  about 5 years ago every bitcoin worth less than 10$ but in april 2013 value of every bitcoins went up till 200$ and just now ,, it cost you more than a 1000 bucks to get one ,,  with all the saying its not stable or reasonable to invest on bitcoins.	

how the bitcoins made and what bitcoins made of ,,:
thousand of computers around the world work together to process bitcoins transactions. they call these computers MINERS and the process MINING , 
it named like this because on average , every 10 minutes one of the extractors is winning a computing competiton 
at present this award is 25 bitcoin worth more that 30 thousand dollars .  these awards provide an incentive for more people to join the bitcoin transaction processing process help to remain DECENTRALIZED . 
every 4 years the award reduce to half .  from 2009 to 2012 the award was 50 bitcoin , now its 25 and in the end of this year ( 2016 ) it will be 12.5 $ . with a simple mathematical calculation we can see it will never reach 21 million bitcoin ( donno why :D ) , there are currently aout 12 million.( oh i see ) so the total never goes upper that 2 times  the current amount (12million ) ((( but why 21 million ,, it make more sense if it says 24 million ))((any fucking way ,., )))) 


it not getting done but im fucking done with it ,, have good day u beautifull moron ,, im getting tired of you being so obsessive about my  homework .. im just messing with u ,,  keep hoping in me and have faith that im no PALASHT  :D // maybe just maybe you can make somthing good out of me 
best regards